National Geographic Channel
presents an exclusive deeper
dive into cosmos every story in
cosmos was chosen for the
emotional content against all
odds the struggle firing new of
what it means to put above all
things what is true you know
it's always a challenge when
you're going back into the past
and looking at these characters
from history who played such an
important role in the
development of science but about
whom few people know much at all
for example any jump cannon who
was an astronomer nearly 20th
century who developed the
classification scheme that we
still use for stars today
remarkably little about her
biography or backstory and so we
just had to dig deep
we went to Harvard went to their
archives had an archivist fine
material for us to make sure
that it was properly sourced i
think most of the greatest
thoughts humans have ever
conjured remain under celebrated
today and it makes me wonder why
is it that some other set of
scientists are the ones we've
all heard of you know Einstein
new Darwin
it's as though there was nobody
else thinking about the world
maybe it's because most science
does not involve Eureka moments
involves moments where the
scientists are doing research
that's odd
there's some result they didn't
expect that's harder to retail
harder celebrate some of the
greatest heroes in cosmos are
completely unfounded
it was a real privilege for me
to get to tell their story